ARROW-6887: [WIP][Java] Create prose documentation for using ValueVectors (#5706)
apache/arrow: docs/source/java/vector.rst

.. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.. or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.. distributed with this work for additional information
.. regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.. to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.. "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.. with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.. software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.. "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.. KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.. specific language governing permissions and limitations
.. under the License.

===========
ValueVector
===========

> :class:`ValueVector` (which called Array in C++ implementation) is an abstraction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`ValueVector` (which called Array in C++ implementation and the specification) is an abstraction
```
there should be a link to columnar.rst here.

that is used to store a sequence of values having the same type in an individual
column. Internally, those values are represented by one or several buffers, the
number and meaning of which depend on the vector’s data type.

> There are concrete subclasses of :class:`ValueVector` for each data type, that help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are concrete subclasses of :class:`ValueVector` for each primitive data type and nested type described in the specification.  There are a few differences in naming with the type names described in the specification:

Table with non-intuitive names (BigInt = 64 bit integer, etc).

```

you access individual values of the array.

It is important that vector is allocated before attempting to read or write,
:class:`ValueVector` "should" strive to guarantee this order of operation:
allocate > mutate > setvaluecount > access > clear (or allocate to start the process over)

Building ValueVector
====================

Note that the current implementation doesn't enforce the rule that Arrow objects are immutable.
:class:`ValueVector` instances could be created directly by using new keyword, there are
set/setSafe APIs and concrete subclasses of FieldWriter for populating values.

For example, the code below shows how to build a :class:`BigIntVector`, in this case, we build a
vector of the range 1 to 8 where the element that should hold the value 4 is nulled::

   BufferAllocator allocator = new RootAllocator(Long.MAX_VALUE);

   BigIntVector vector = new BigIntVector("vector", allocator);
   vector.allocateNew(8);
   vector.set(0, 1);
   vector.set(1, 2);
   vector.set(2, 3);
   vector.setNull(3);
   vector.set(4, 5);
   vector.set(5, 6);
   vector.set(6, 7);
   vector.set(7, 8);

>    vector.setValueCount(8);

Reviewer: make a note that by convention this finalizes the Vector.

The :class:`BigIntVector` holds two ArrowBufs. The first buffer holds the null bitmap, which consists
here of a single byte with the bits 0|0|0|0|1|0|0|0. The second buffer contains all the above values.
As the fourth entry is null, the value at that position in the buffer is undefined. Note compared with
set API, setSafe API would check value capacity before setting values and reallocate buffers if necessary.

Here is how to build a vector using writer::

   BigIntVector vector = new BigIntVector("vector", allocator);
   BigIntWriter writer = new BigIntWriterImpl(vector);
   writer.setPosition(0);
   writer.writeBigInt(1);
   writer.setPosition(1);
   writer.writeBigInt(2);
   writer.setPosition(2);
   writer.writeBigInt(3);
   writer.setPosition(4);
   writer.writeBigInt(5);
   writer.setPosition(5);
   writer.writeBigInt(6);
   writer.setPosition(6);
   writer.writeBigInt(7);
   writer.setPosition(7);
   writer.writeBigInt(8);

> There are get API and concrete subclasses of :class:`FieldReader` for accessing vector values, what needs

Reviewer: should there be a new line here?
